what's the shortest connection between quiddestraße and odeonsplatz?
what is the cheapest connection between quiddestraße and hauptbahnhof?
what's the shortest way between hauptbahnhof and odeonsplatz?
how can i get from garching to münchner freiheit as fast as possible?
what's the cheapest way from neuperlach süd to lehel?
how can i get from neuperlach zentrum to karlsplatz as fast as possible?
could you give me the fastest connection between brudermühlstraße and alte heide?
is there a train from neuperlach zentrum to garching at 3 pm?
can you find a connection from olympiazentrum to lehel at 2 pm?
i need a connection from harras to karl-preis-platz at 8 am.
"in need to be at hauptbahnhof at 1 pm, can you search a connection from garching forschungszentrum?"
i need to be in garching at 9
can i take a bus from quiddestraße to hauptbahnhof?
can you find the shortest way from moosfeld to milbertshofen?
how can i get to neuperlach süd from garching forschungszentrum?
can you find a bus from quiddestraße to lehel?
is there a tram from karlsplatz to lehel?
is there a bus from garching to moosach at around 5?
is there a bus from odeonsplatz to hauptbahnhof at 3 pm?
can you tell me the cheapest way from garching forschungszentrum to quiddestraße?
how can i get to quiddestraße?
when does the next bus leaves from hauptbahnhof?
how can i get from garching to hauptbahnhof?
how can i get from kurt-eisner-straße to garching?
"when the next train in garching,forschungszentrum is leaving?"
what is the next connection from garching forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
how can i get from mossach to garching forschungszentrum?
how can i get from garching forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?
"how can i get from garching, forschungszentrum to odeonsplatz?"
how can i get from garching forschungszentrum to kurt-eisner-straße?
how can i get to boltzmannstraße from quiddestraße?
when does the next train departs from quiddestraße?
when the next train in garching forschungszentrum is leaving?
when is the next u6 leaving from garching?
when does the next train leave from garching forschungszentrum
when is the next u6?
when is the next subway leaving from garching?
when the next train in garching is leaving?
when is the next train leaving in garching
when does the next train leaves from odeonsplatz?
when does the next train leaves from quiddestraße?
when is the next train
when does the next bus leaves at garching forschungszentrum?
when does the next train leaves?
when does the next bus leave in garching?
when does the next s-bahn leaves from hauptbahnhof?
when does the next subway departes from odeonsplatz?
show me the next bus from garching!
when does the next tram starts from hauptbahnhof?
when will the next u-bahn depart from garching forschungszentrum?
show me the next bus from michaelibad.
when does the next train starts at sendlinger tor?
"hey bot, when does the next bus starts at garching?"
when does the next bus leaves at garching?
when is the bus from quiddestraße?
when can i get a bus at mariahilfplatz?
when does the next bus leaves at romanplatz?
when does the bus to röblingweg starts?
next bus from quiddestraße?
when is the next bus leaving from garching?
when is the train leaving in garching
when is the train leaving in garching?
how can i get from garching to odeonsplatz?
when is adrians next subway leaving at garching forschungszentrum?
how can i get from olympiazentrum to hauptbahnhof?
how can i get from quiddestraße to boltzmannstraße?
how can i get from moosach to garching forschungszentrum?
can you give me a connection from garching to odeonsplatz?
when is the next train from garching
when comes the next train
when is the next train in nordfriedhof
when does the next train come at garching forschungszentrum
when is the next train from nordfriedhof to garching forschungszentrum
i want to travel from garching to odeonsplatz?
how can i get to sendlinger tor?
how do i get to untere straussäcker?
how can i get from garching to garching?
how can i get from garching to sendlinger tor?
how can i get from garchingto garching?
when is the next train from garching
how do i get from marienplatz zu garching
how can i get to milbertshofen from garching?
when is the next train to garching
how can i get from garching to milbertshofen?
when does the next rocket leaves from garching forschungszentrum?
connection from untere straßäcker 21 to kieferngarten
how to get from untere strassäcker 21 to frötmaning
how to get from untere strassaecker 21 to frötmaning
when is the next train from untere straßaecker 21 to kieferngarten
"when is the next train from untere straßaecker 21, garching to kieferngarten"
from garching to perlach
how to get from garching to perlach?
how to get from bonnerplatz to freimann
when is the next train in nordfriedhof?
when is the next train in münchner freiheit?
connection from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz?
how do i get from olympia einkaufszentrum to hauptbahnhof?
when is the next bus in garching forschungszentrum
how can i get from garching to marienplatz
from garching to studentenstadt
