i want to go marienplatz
when is the next train in muncher freiheit?
when does the next u-bahn leaves from garching forschungszentrum?
from olympia einkaufszentrum to hauptbahnhof
when is the next train from winterstraße 12 to kieferngarten
when is the next rocket from winterstraße 12 to kieferngarte
can you find a connection from garching to hauptbahnhof?
how to get from untere strassäcker 21 to fröttmaning
how i can get from marienplatz to garching
connection from boltzmannstraße to kieferngarten
how to get from bonner platz to freimann?
when is the next s-bahn leaving at garching?
how do i get from oez to hbf?
how to get from winterstrasse 12 to fröttmaning
how do i get from garching forschungszentrum to pasing
theresienstraße to assling
how can i get from theresienstraße to munich east?
when does the next bus starts from garching?
from quiddestraße to garching?
can you find a connection from kurt-eisner-straße to garching forschungszentrum?
can you find a connection from quiddestraße to garching forschungszentrum?
when does the next train leaves at garching?
from hauptbahnhof to garching?
how can i get to glockenbachviertel from garching forschungszentrum?
how i can get from garching to nordfriedhof
how can i get to glockenbachviertel from garching forschungszentrum?
when is the next train leaving in garching forschungszentrum
how can i get from moosach to quiddestraße?
how can i get from moosach to poccistraße?
how can i get from kurt-eisner-straße to garching forschungszentrum?
how can i get from moosach to quiddestraße?
how can i get from moosach to odeonsplatz?
when does the next bus starts at garching?
what's the shortest way from quiddestraße to odeonsplatz?
when is the next bus from ostbahnhof
how i can get from garching to neuperlach sued
when is the next train in munchner freiheit?
how i can get from marienplatz to garching?
how do i get from poccistraße to laim
i want to go garching from marienplatz
how i can get from marienplatz to garching?
how can i get from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz
prinzregentenplatz to rotkreuzplatz
i want to go to garching from marienplatz
next train from garching
from prinzregentenplatz to rotkreuzplatz
when is the next subway from garching forschungszentrum
from garching to klinikum
from garching foschungszentrum to odeonsplatz
next bus in garching
when does the train leaving in garching forschungszentrum
next subway from garching forschungszentrum
tell me the next bus from garching
"next bus from garching, please."
next bus from garching
next bus from central station
from garching to marienplatz
next bus from garching.
connection from garching to hauptbahnhof?
when does the next bus departs from garching?
find connection from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz
when does the next u-bahn departs at garching forschungszentrum?
when does the next u-bahn departs at garching?
when does the next subway departs at garching
when is the next train in garching?
how to get from münchner freiheit to garching ?
implerstraße to ostbahnhof
how can i get from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz?
how can i go from garching forschungszentrum to prinzregentenplatz
how can i get from mangfallplatz to garching
how can i get to hohenlindenerstraße
harthaus to hackerbrücke
how can i get from feldmoching to garching forschungszentrum?
from marienplatz to petershausen
when is the train from garching to marienplatz
neufahrn to garching
how can i get from mangfallplatz to garching
how can i get to hohenlindenerstr
when is the next bus from garching forschungzentrum
how do i get from spitzingplatz to poccistraße?
how can i get from garching forschungszentrum to marienplatz
how can i get from klinkum to marienplatz?
how to get from alte heide to marienplatz
next train from muenchen freicheit
"depart in garching, i assume"
when does the next u-bahn depart at garching?
the next bus from garching forschungzentrum
when is the next train in alte heide?
or depart from garching
hello munich city bot! how do i get from münchner freiheit to scheidplatz?
how can i get from garching forschungszentrum to prinzregentenplatz
how can i get from neufahrn to garching
take me to the airport
when does the next u6 leave from garching forschungszentrum
how i can get from munchner freiheit to nordfriedhof?
from harthaus to hackerbrücke
when is the train from garching
what is the next train from münchner freiheit
how can i get from theresienstrasse to garching forschungszentrum
how can i get from münchner freiheit to odeonsplatz
from garching to hauptbahnhof
how can i get from garching to odeonsplatz
start: neufahrn end:garching
how can i get from studentenstadt to garching
when is the next bus from garching
take me from hauptbahnhof to odeonsplatz
